Add references to Texture View and how to use it. (#540)
MicrosoftDocs/CommunityToolkit: docs/maui/views/MediaElement.md

> You can set the metadata in either XAML or code behind. If you are setting it in code behind you need to set the source in code behind. The source should
be set last. If you set the metadata in XAML or in constructor this note can be safely ignored.

### Using TextureView

A `MediaElement` can use `TextureView` on Android Platform. The platform default behavior is to use `SurfaceView`. Using Texture View adds support
to allow transparencies and other effects. This is set by changing the builder to use

```csharp
.UseMauiCommunityToolkitMediaElement(options => {

> 				options.AndroidViewType = AndroidViewType.TextureView;

Reviewer: Please update this to use the updated API name 

```suggestion
				options.SetDefaultAndroidViewType(AndroidViewType.TextureView);
```

> .UseMauiCommunityToolkitMediaElement(options => {
> 				options.AndroidViewType = AndroidViewType.TextureView;
> })

Reviewer: Please update this to use the updated API name and to use [static anonymous functions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/proposals/csharp-9.0/static-anonymous-functions)

```suggestion
.UseMauiCommunityToolkitMediaElement(static options => 
{
				options.SetDefaultAndroidViewType(AndroidViewType.TextureView);
})
```

```

> > [!IMPORTANT]
> > No other changes are required to enable this feature. It is not enabled or recommended using texture view unless you have a specific need for it. It has
> possible performance related issues if enabled and is recommended only for those that need transparencies and other advanced features.
> 

Reviewer: > No other changes are required to enable this feature

This is unnecessary.

```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> We do not recommend using TextureView unless you have a specific need for it. It has possible performance related issues if enabled and is recommended only for those that need transparencies and other advanced features.

```
